Uh-huh.
I didn't expect it, Chu Liu
Your wife is pretty
I'm going to let you see her with your own eyes later
How did I play with him?
Hahahaha
Li Lan
Mom
Mom, take my mom and Yaoyao to the hospital
Ask the best doctors to treat them
Chu Yang, sorry.
I'm late.
You look good
But I avenge you
How dare you hit me?
Chu Yang's injuries
It was you.
Yes
It's you who let people torture our mother and my daughter
So what?
I'm not just going to mess with your family
I also want to treat you as my plaything
Make your life worse than death
What can you do to me?
Hahahaha
But it was to see how beautiful you were.
As long as you sit me comfortably
I can consider letting you press it hahahaha
What about me?
Just believe in one word
People don't offend me
I am not a criminal
If someone offends me
I will repay it a hundredfold